# MyProjects
 1. EasterEggs.java : If you know the total number of eggs hidden and amount in both of the baskets (You and your friend). Evaluate if it is time to eat candy or keep hunting for more eggs.
 2. GuardFlamingo : Given the length and the width of a rectangular yard, we have to determine how many flamingos we should buy to put one every 2 feet along the edges of the yard.
 3. Izzy the Iguana : Your pet Iguana has run away, and you found it up in a tree! It will come down right away if you brought the right snacks, but if you don't have enough, you will have to wait. You nedd 10 total snack points to bring it down. Lettuce is worth 5, Carrot worth 4, Mongo worth 9, and Cheeseburger is worth 0. We have to evaluate whether or not we have enough snack points to convince the iguana to come down.
 4. NumberOfOnes : Count the number of ones in the binary representation of a given integer
 5. Multiples : You need to calculate the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below a given number. Given an integer number, output the sum of all the multiples of 3 and 5 below that number. If a number is a multiple of both 3 and 5, it should appear in the sum only once.
 6. Kaleidoscopes : You sell kaleidoscopes at a gift shop, and if a customer buys more than one, they get a 10% discount on all of them! Given the total number of kaleidoscopes that a customer buys, let them know what their total will be. Tax 7%. All of your kaleidoscopes cost the same amount, 5.00. Take the number of kaleidoscopes that a customer buys and iutput their total cost including tax and any discounts.
 7. Jungel Camping : You are camping alone out in the jungle and you hear some animals in the dark nearby. Based on the noise they make, determine which animals they are. You are given the noises made by different animals that you can hear in the dark, evaluate each noise to determine which animal it belongs to. Lions say 'Grr', Tigers say 'Rawr', Snakes say 'Ssss', and birds say 'Chirp'.
 8. Land Ho! : You are on a large ship and you put down anchor near a beautiful beach. There is a small boat ferrying passengers back and forth, and you get in line for it. How long will you have to wait to get to the beach? You know that 20 people can fit on the boat and each trip to shore takes 10 mibutes each way. Determine your wait time if you know the total number of people ahead of you in line.
 9. Neverland: If you live in Neverland, you never get any older! You and your twin go to Neverland for an afternoon, then your twin goes back home and you stay. Over time, how much older is your twin than you, and how old are they? Evaluate the difference between your ages, and the age you twin is now if you are given the age that you were when you got to Neverland, and the time that has elapsed since then.
 10. Extra-Terrestrials: You meet a group of aleins, and their language is just like Engilsh except that they say every word backwards. How will you learn to communicate with them? Take a word in English that you would like to say, and turn it into language that these aliens will understand.
 11. Pig-Latin: You have two friends who are speaking Pig Latin to each other! Pig Latin is the same words in the same order except that you take the first letter of each word and put it on the end, then you add 'ay' to the end of that. ("road" = "oadray"). Your task is to take a sentence in English and turn it into the same sentence in Pig Latin!
 12. Credit Card Validator: You need to verify if the given credit card number is valid. For that you need to use the Luhn test.
 13. Safety Deposit Boxes: You are robbing a bank, but your're not taking everything. You are looking for a specific item in the safety deposit boxes and you are going to drill into each one in order to find your item. Once you find your item you can find your escape, but how long will it take you to get to that item? Determine the amount of time it will take you to find the item you are looking for if it takes you 5 minutes to drill into each box.